Updated Documentation to be more explizit about authorizationContext … (#594)
eclipse/ditto: documentation/src/main/resources/pages/ditto/basic-connections.md

}
```

> Note: This example assumes that there is a valid user named `inbound-auth-subject` in ditto.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: This example assumes that there is a valid user named `ditto:inbound-auth-subject` in Ditto.
```

> If you want to use a user for the basic auth (from the [HTTP API](connectivity-protocol-bindings-http.html)) use the prefic `nginxg:`, e.g. `nginx:my-basic-auth-user`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use a user for the basic auth (from the [HTTP API](connectivity-protocol-bindings-http.html)) use the prefix `nginx:`, e.g. `nginx:ditto`.
```
